Detail how to select the Architecture dependency (#453)
MicroEJ/docs: PlatformDeveloperGuide/platformCreation.rst

     
     </dependencies>

  The name of the module dependency needed for your Platform can be found in the chapter :ref:`architectures_toolchains`.

>   Check the table of your corresponding MicroEJ Architecture and follow the link in the module column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Check the table of your corresponding Architecture and follow the link in the :guilabel:`Module Name` column.
```

      
      </dependencies>

>   And the module for this Architecture is located `here <https://repository.microej.com/modules/com/microej/architecture/CM4/CM4hardfp_GCC48/flopi4G25/7.14.0/>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 And the module for this Architecture is located in the :ref:`Central Repository <central_repository>` at `https://repository.microej.com/modules/com/microej/architecture/CM4/CM4hardfp_GCC48/flopi4G25/7.14.0/`_.
```
To expose the hyperlink to the module.
